Introduction The project is a group of four students work. The purpose of this project is to provide an opportunity for students to experience what software engineering is, and to understand file input and output from software perspective. The evaluation of the project consists of two portions such that project presentation and project report. The presentation section measures your verbal communication skills and the understanding of software engineering, and the report section measures your writing communication skills and the understanding of software design document. Project requirements 1. Design and develop a software application to read two text files and format the data output to a new file (Note: the format of input file and output file is described in Appendix A). The design should contain both architecture design and detailed design. 2. The software must use at least two of the following Object-Oriented programming features. (1) Inheritance, (2) Polymorphism, (3) Encapsulation, (4) Abstraction 3. The project requires to use one of compile languages such as C++ and Java (not scripting languages like Python, JavaScript, PHP etc.). Please refer to Appendix B for APIs of C++ and Java 4. The software must be reliable. Your group should apply “offensive programming” technique which we will learn in this course. 5. The output file must be sorted by using the product ID Rubric is given below: - Clearly presents a main idea and supports it throughout the paper. - Well-planned and well-thought out. Includes title, introduction and conclusion. All paragraphs have clear ideas. - Exceptionally well-presented and argued; ideas are detailed, well-developed, supported with specific evidence & facts, as well as examples and specific details. - Sources are exceptionally well-integrated and they support claims argued in the report very effectively. Quotations and works cited conform to APA style. For the reference please only use the attachment provided in this chat I have used c++ for project and the code for the project is also attached to this chat in the file named - “project.cpp”
